[#55488] 14.2 Documentation: Configure which projects are activated f… (#15866)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/projects/project-attributes/README.md

## Enable project attributes

Under **Administration settings** → **Projects** → **Project attributes** select the *More* menu and select *Edit* or simply clicking on the name of the project attribute. This will open a detailed view of the project attribute you selected. 

The *Details* tab will allow you to edit the name, section and visibility. 

![OpenProject project attribute details editing](open_project_system_admin_guide_project_attributes_details.png)

The *Enabled in projects* tab will show a list of all the projects this project attributes was activated in. 

![Project attributes enabled in projects list in OpenProject administration](open_project_system_admin_guide_project_attributes_enabled_in_projects.png)

You can remove a project attribute from a specific project by selecting the **More** menu at the end of the line and clicking the *Deactivate for this project* option.

![Deactivate a project attribute for a project in OpenProject administration](open_project_system_admin_guide_project_attributes_deactivate_for_project.png)

> To add this project attribute to a specific project click the **+Add projects** button. A modal will appear allowing you to search for projects to add this project attribute into. Please note, that the projects, in which the project attribute is already activated will not be included in that selection. You can include subprojects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add this project attribute to a specific project click the **+Add projects** button. A modal will appear allowing you to search for projects to add this project attribute into. Please note, that the projects, in which the project attribute is already activated will be shown disabled in that selection. You can include subprojects. 
```
